but our focus this week is not on
American politics it's on Canadian
politics this is a historic night
moments from now I will find out if I
will be named the first-ever mayor of a
small town in Newfoundland a town known
as dildo that is what started as a silly
joke has turned into a silly joke that
ABC spent like $100,000 on no matter
what happens I've already won but
someone told me yesterday you're really
milking this dildo to which I responded
mom you're being gross but unopposed or
at least I thought I was running on a
post until yesterday when somebody
decided to throw Matt Damon in the mix
and he just ruins everything but that's
politics you know you have to be tough
and one thing I have that Matt Damon
doesn't want a lot of things I have that
he doesn't is an advanced team my squad
if you will has been in dildo all week
knocking on doors posting signs getting
drunk with the locals everything they
need to do they've been doing so let's
go live now to them at the wharf
we're here
hello everyone now you're right there's
a body of water behind you correct yes
you me what is the name of that body of
water behind you Oh
dildo Cove yes so gear Mille this is
your last night in Tilda what are your
feelings right now has a sense of
melancholy washed over you Jimmy I'm
very sad to leave these people they're
very friendly and I love them and show
of hands how many of you had ever met a
Mexican before all right
well word on the street is that they're
making you on what honorary citizen
Guillermo that's right Jimmy we almost
finished ok now what is tell us there's
a tradition in Newfoundland called
screeching in this is a ceremony that
makes you what Dean what specifically
makes them honorary new Philander a
Newfoundlander all right well let's go
through the steps one must take to be
screeched into become a Newfoundlander
ok well it gives them some traditional
Newfoundland foods uh-huh ok and we give
them a taste off the ocean water all
right we does a new phalange dance our
dance ok and some new feel and slang and
gear Mille what slang did you learn it
goes love me your big Jim drew and what
does that mean I think it means uh make
you sell go free the win yeah and and
what does that mean
alright I guess it doesn't matter but
isn't officially a Newfoundlander now oh
no not yet right you got two more stead
ok let's go through the steps we'll do
them live shall we ok first first you
got a kiss the codfish you gotta go you
gotta kiss a card Guillermo I want to
see tong too
all right was that a sufficient okay and
next this is gonna be his favorite part
okay I'm guessing this involves drinking
yes it does there we go yes this is
Newfoundland screech that's called
screech and with this toast I guess you
guys are married what happens alright
[Music]
well that's exciting for you here but
it's time down from my moment of truth
I've been campaigning for weeks to
become mayor of dildo they've never had
a mayor before the decision is not up to
the voters is up to the local service
district committee
all seven members of the committee are
present please raise your hands
committee members so we know which ones
have you okay now I need a majority to
win I need four of the seven votes and
Andrew you are going to do the the
honors here what is the verdict Andrew
how does the committee rule well we
ruled conditionally that you will be
made honorary mayor honorary mayor
[Applause]
Thank You Megan I'm excited too
now wait a minute what is what is
conditionally mean what are the
conditions well we're going to give you
the honor but you still got to come to
Newfoundland at some point oh that's
that goes without saying I'm definitely
coming and I think I will be a fair
mayor I will be a kind mayor I won't
have to do any work as mayor will I
no no that's always honorary okay I'll
do anything I am honoured to be honorary
and the mayor and I understand we have a
very special luminary
president joining us in dildo the
premier of the province of Newfoundland
and Labrador the Honorable Dwight ball
is there hello there premier how are you
[Music]
what do you say to those people who say
Newfoundland and Labrador are dogs not
places well give me dogs and people we
have beautiful Newfoundland dogs we're
known around the world for great
Labrador dogs but there's Germanos and
your staff know and as the honorary
mayor you now know we have some of the
most amazing people on earth that is for
sure and - Guillermo - give me we have
we we have a key to the community we're
gonna present to you oh great
Guillermo Oh what do you mean through
where you gonna put it
oh look at that well thank you very much
I am honored by your honorable nests and
that thanks to all of you but before we
go I have a gift for you from your
sister city in Hollywood you know we
have a very famous sign here the
Hollywood sign people come from all over
the world to see it
and now the citizens of dildo will have
their own sign too because we have
erected this Hollywood star
[Applause]
that is our gift to you so cue the
fireworks let's celebrate this historic
night and there we go it's official oh
look at that how beautiful that is
oh it is a beautiful summer night in
dildo Newfoundland thank you all thank
you my brothers and sisters in dildo
you've been very kind I'm proud to be
your mayor and I will come to visit my
fellow dildo Tian's very soon all right
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos